NOTE: This gem is deprecated and shouldn't be used on new projects. There are
lots of other solutions outh there with better features and support.

= Description

A drop-in "forgot password" feature based on Authlogic. Provides:

* Screen for user to enter e-mail address
* Mailer to send token link
* Screen for user to update their password

= Setup

Add to your Gemfile

    gem 'remindme'

If the model being authenticated is something other than "User" then in an
initializer add:

    Remindme.authenticated_model_name = 'Account'

Replace 'Account' with whatever your actual model name is. The model should use
Authlogic and likely will look something like this:

    class User < ActiveRecord::Base
      acts_as_authentic
    end

This plugin depends on you to already be setup correctly to allow a password
to be stored on the authenticated model (i.e your password and salt hashes). But
it does include a migration that will add the token field to your model. To add
this migration to your app just run:

    rake railties:install:migrations

To include a link to the "forgot password" feature just add something like this
on your login page.

    <%= link_to 'Forgot My Password', new_password_path %>

After the password is reset this plugin needs to know where to send the user.
It first checks the session variable 'return_to' (for
logmein[https://github.com/eric1234/logmein] integration), but if that is not
set then it will by default redirect to whatever "root_url" returns (this is a
named route defined in most apps that usually redirects to the home page). If
you want a different location just configure as follows:

    Remindme.final_destination = :dashboard_url

The symbol given will be called as a method. This is usually some named route.

A final bit of configuration. The e-mail received by the user will appear to
be coming from no-reply@yourdomain.com (replace yourdomain.com with whatever
the domain of the web request is). If you want it to come from a different
e-mail just update as follows:

    PasswordMailer.from_user = 'support'

This will make it appear to be coming from support@yourdomain.com. You cannot
currently configure the domain or the subject line of the message but you can
override the e-mail template if you wish.

= Integration with logmein[https://github.com/eric1234/logmein]

This plugin was designed to work in conjuction with the logmein plugin. Although
not dependent on logmein they work well together and if you need a login plugin
I would suggest it. Here is how you would setup both:

In your Gemfile:

    gem 'logmein'
    gem 'remindme'

(Optional) If your authenticated model is something other than User:

    Logmein.authenticated_model_name =
      Remindme.authenticated_model_name = 'Account'

Make sure your authenticated model is setup to use Authlogic:

    class User < ActiveRecord::Base
      acts_as_authentic
    end

Run this to import migrations from both plugins:

    rake railties:install:migrations

Run the migrations and you should be all set!

= Todo

It would be useful to add another e-mail to the mailer that will let the user
know their password has been updated. This way they get that verification and
if someone else uses this to update their password against their wishes, at
least we will have warned them.

= Credit

* Developed by Eric Anderson (http://pixelwareinc.com)
* Enhanced via projects developed under Red Tusk Studios (http://redtusk.com)
* SaveYourCall.com (http://saveyourcall.com), a call recording service, also
  contributed towards development.
